tar
car
roo
I'm a scone
It's fun to decide the superiority or inferiority by such a thing
I
'm glad
I can't
do it I don't know Ah
That's right, I covered the preaching to me now, I should buy it, do you understand the
snow
?
Okay, I can die already
Ah ah ah ah
Silver
I
didn't understand anything
Hayashi
couldn't stand up as it was that day
Yes Is it okay?
It
's natural for my relatives to fall down and become anxious. You're
sitting there for the rest of your life.
That's what I want now
, I'm worried
[Music]
Well, that's right,
isn't it? The
flag I want
to be by my side I can only think of that kind of thing Spring
-I
lived in this world  I just
want to participate and the result may not be what you like, so do
n't decide yet
Daddy is cute
I'm getting closer to peaches and moms-it's
cute-a
little
[music]
th
Chaniu I want to eat
Thank you
Marma
Will I be pushed out in the same way someday
?
I
[Music]
Hmm
voodoo
Yeah yeah
siege I
was shaken by just one word this morning
Lessons learned
Governor
I'm talking about dating true hearts,
so I don't like women
, sly, sly, long hair,
unpleasant, cool, meow
As
above, oc
wanted me
ah ah ah
[music]
the happiness of those who want to be free from all the shackles
[music] a
little wider
Akito-san said that Akito-
san is equal to God and
all the twelve branches live in Saba.
I don't remember anything else, but the
children made a promise in the middle of God.
The
park is closed, but even if I'm reborn somehow, I wo
n't leave my side. The bond
that retreats to love
may be beautiful from the side,
but it's
just a fence that the person felt mainly
That's why
I spent the whole day as a playmate with the curse archi without going outside,
but it wasn't like it is now
.
One day archi was
twisted I
'm
here because I should be the one I'm chosen and needed
I'm not with you I think
you're my toy
Your mother took me  But the
darkness gets
bigger and heavier, and in the
end I want to twist too.
Hope is despair.
[Music] I
wanted to be a friend.
She reappeared.
Did she have eyes in one after another?
[Music]
What
's this? That senior isn't a prince.
It seems to be called
I
'm glad you're back to me
, so I'll forgive you
Autumn kerosene I'll
blame someone
Feardon
Someone
blame something
forever
[Music  ] At
all han-san eh
ah ah ah ah
what's in it after all
present It
was a wide-ranging video because I wanted to see what was hit by me from now on
I think I couldn't meet even if I wanted to say it
I want to go
[Music]
Pottrifa Furuno-san has made an announcement.
Wu  No-san-
I think I'm hugged by the opposite sex because I'm with a bird's thing goo
ani I
don't even reply
There's no harbinger
. The curse is gone. I want
to deceive everyone in the other 12 cities
and pretend to be tired of the birds.
Say I'm by my
side Cowardly
[Music] For the
box
[Music] To
stop the sad woman's curse
[Music]